README.md, before:

# Objective: Learn Python and coding!
## Motiation and Background
I recently had an interview where among other things, I could not code in Python in the time given. Over the years, my coding journey began with C++. Then Perl was the big thing for Biology, and later in 2016 I began my R journey with a little Python. Now, I believe for the next part of my Data Science journey, Python is mainstage.

Here, I will be coding some basic algorithms, and go onto leetcode questions for practicing Python.

I love the quote from - "Impractical Python Projects" by Lee Vaughan. - "You can always count on the Americans to do the right thing after they have tried everything else" - Weakly linked to Winston Churchill. 

So now after using data science methods for years, I will practice algorithms and learn to code fluently in Python!!

I have ideas to present this code, but for now it lies in the src folder.

## [For best practices in Python see](Best_Practices_Python.md)
- shbang  = #!/usr/bin/env python
- List comprehension
- Conventions
- `__main__` and `__init__`


## [The mighty sorting algorithms](SortingAlgorithms.md)
- Brute Force (MonkeySort, [SelectionSort](src/SelectionSort.py), [BubbleSort](src/BubbleSort.py))
- Stepwise decrease ([InsertionSort](src/InsertSort.py))
- Stepwise divide ([MergeSort](src/MergeSort_Pythony.py), [alt MergeSort](src/MergeSort.py), [QuickSort](src/QuickSort.py))
- Transform (TreeSort, HeapSort)
- Linear-time Sorting (RadixSort, CountingSort & BucketSort)

## Recursion
- Find Nth Fibonacci Number [iterative](src/FibonacciNumber_iter.py) [recursive](src/FibonacciNumber_recursive.py)
- [Tower of Hanoi](src/TowerOfHanoi.py)
- [Find All Subsets of a Set](src/FindAllSubsets.py)

## Leetcode
- 23 Merge k Sorted Lists [my solution](src/MergeKSortedLists.py)  [leetcode 23](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/description/)
- 55 Jump Game [my solution](src/LC55_JumpGame.py)    [leetcode 55](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/description/)
- 75 Sort Colors [my solution](src/LC75_SortColors.py)   [leetcode 75](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/description/)  
- 189 Rotate Array [my solution](src/LC189_RotateArray.py) [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/description/)
- 322 Coin Change [my solution](src/LC322_CoinChange.py)    [leetcode 322](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/description/)
- 784 Letter Case Permutation [my solution](src/LC784_LetterCasePermutation.py) [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-case-permutation/submissions/1361450478/)

Commit message:

update: Quick Refresher On JAVA

README.md, after:

# Objective: Learn Python and coding!
## Motiation and Background
I recently had an interview where among other things, I could not code in Python in the time given. Over the years, my coding journey began with C++. Then Perl was the big thing for Biology, and later in 2016 I began my R journey with a little Python. Now, I believe for the next part of my Data Science journey, Python is mainstage.

Here, I will be coding some basic algorithms, and go onto leetcode questions for practicing Python.

I love the quote from - "Impractical Python Projects" by Lee Vaughan. - "You can always count on the Americans to do the right thing after they have tried everything else" - Weakly linked to Winston Churchill. 

So now after using data science methods for years, I will practice algorithms and learn to code fluently in Python!!

I have ideas to present this code, but for now it lies in the src folder.

## [For best practices in Python see](Best_Practices_Python.md)
- shbang  = #!/usr/bin/env python
- List comprehension
- Conventions
- `__main__` and `__init__`

## [Getting started with Java](getting_started_with_JAVA.md)

## [The mighty sorting algorithms](SortingAlgorithms.md)
- Brute Force (MonkeySort, [SelectionSort](src/SelectionSort.py), [BubbleSort](src/BubbleSort.py))
- Stepwise decrease ([InsertionSort](src/InsertSort.py))
- Stepwise divide ([MergeSort](src/MergeSort_Pythony.py), [alt MergeSort](src/MergeSort.py), [QuickSort](src/QuickSort.py))
- Transform (TreeSort, HeapSort)
- Linear-time Sorting (RadixSort, CountingSort & BucketSort)

## Recursion
- Find Nth Fibonacci Number [iterative](src/FibonacciNumber_iter.py) [recursive](src/FibonacciNumber_recursive.py)
- [Tower of Hanoi](src/TowerOfHanoi.py)
- [Generate Binary Strings Of Length N](src/getBinaryStringsOfLengthN.py)
- [Find All Subsets of a Set](src/FindAllSubsets.py)
- [Permute Array Of Unique Integers](src/getPermutations.py)
- [Generate all subsets](src/generate_all_subsets.py)

## Trees
- [Search A Node In Binary Search Tree](Search_A_Node_In_Binary_Search_Tree.py)

## Leetcode
- 23 Merge k Sorted Lists [my solution](src/MergeKSortedLists.py)  [leetcode 23](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/description/)
- 55 Jump Game [my solution](src/LC55_JumpGame.py)    [leetcode 55](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/description/)
- 75 Sort Colors [my solution](src/LC75_SortColors.py)   [leetcode 75](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/description/)  
- 189 Rotate Array [my solution](src/LC189_RotateArray.py) [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/description/)
- 322 Coin Change [my solution](src/LC322_CoinChange.py)    [leetcode 322](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/description/)
- 784 Letter Case Permutation [my solution](src/LC784_LetterCasePermutation.py) [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-case-permutation/submissions/1361450478/)
